10/21/19 - N. Anderson
Add processing file.  This file displays toggle buttons on the screen that allow on/off control of all ball valves and all power relays.
The file also displays all of the temperature sensors and the flow sensors for display to the user.

File takes status of the buttons and transmits them over serial, baud rate 115200, to the physical controller (arduino) to control the ball valves.
The transmit message format can be found in the Message Breakdown.xlsx file.  This will show what the first character the arduino should be looking for, and what it means

Next steps.
1. create serial message parsing in arduino controller to handle parsing the messages sent from processing.
2. Design arduino controller software to control individual ball valves and power relays based on serial message values.
3. Verify proper reading of temperature sensors and flow sensors in arduino
4. transmit temperature sensors and flow sensor outputs to processing via serial, baud rate 115200.
5. Create serial message parsing in processing controller to handle parsing the messages sent from arduino for temperature sensors and flow sensors.
6. Begin Stage 2 of project.



10/22/18 - N. Anderson
Updated arduino file to parse serial message from processing.  Arduino now transmits temp sensor and flow meter information to processing.  Updated the message breakdown file for new information.  Need to figure out how to read multiple sensors (they require time to read the scratchpad of the one wire devices), transmit the message, and still be able to monitor the serial port in case processing wants to send a message.

10/23/18 - N. Anderson
Updated arduino file to transmit serial messages to processing based on value of temp sensors and flow meters.  Verified functionality of single use of temp sensor and flow sensor.  Functionality verified.  Still need to figure out why the ball valve is not working correctly.  Need to connect to power supply directly.  Need to verify that the output of the power supplies is sufficient as well.  

Updated processing file to parse arduino serial file.  Updated drawing to display sensors and sensor values. Verified output functionality being sent from arduino via serial.  Tested with flow sensor and temp sensor. 

Should look into decreasing time for serial transmission.